Mark functionPerRoute as deprecated (#9108)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/integrations-guide/vercel.mdx

### Function bundling configuration

:::caution[Deprecated]

> The `functionPerRoute` option is deprecated and will be removed in Astro 5. Additionally it doesn't work with some Astro features such as i18n domains and request rewriting. It's advised to disable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `functionPerRoute` option is deprecated and will be removed entirely in Astro 5. Additionally, this option is incompatible with some Astro features such as i18n domains and request rewriting.

If you have currently enabled `functionPerRoute: true`, we recommend removing this configuration option as soon as you are able.
```
